#146 copying transitive dependencies functionality for containerize-d… (#150)
TechnologyBrewery/habushu: README.md

	</plugin>
```

### Leveraging the containerize-dependencies Goal to Prepare a Containerized Virtual Environment ###

> If the execution is specified (does not run by default), the `containerize-dependencies` goal will collect the monorepo python dependency specified in the dependencies block of the project's `pom.xml`, including all transitive dependencies. After collecting the set of necessary dependencies, Habushu will copy the source files to the build directory, while preserving the original structure of the dependency modules to ensure that any path-based dependencies can be leveraged as-is.

Reviewer: `will collect the monorepo python dependency specified` -> ` will collect any monorepo python dependencies specified`

Reviewer 2: I think v1 of this feature is only intended to support a single Habushu project being containerized, so even if the current code _could_ copy multiple, the second half of this feature (currently in flight) will depend on there being only one.

Author: What Emily said was my thinking. Once we implement the other cases, this README will be refined more

> If the execution is specified (does not run by default), the `containerize-dependencies` goal will collect the monorepo python dependency specified in the dependencies block of the project's `pom.xml`, including all transitive dependencies. After collecting the set of necessary dependencies, Habushu will copy the source files to the build directory, while preserving the original structure of the dependency modules to ensure that any path-based dependencies can be leveraged as-is.

Reviewer 2: A:  Presumably the latter portion of this instruction becomes simplified after the Dockerfile changes are introduces to focus less on the implementation and more on the outcome.
```suggestion
If the execution is specified (does not run by default), the `containerize-dependencies` goal will collect a single `habushu` dependency specified the project's `pom.xml`, including all transitive  `habushu` dependencies. After collecting the set of necessary dependencies, Habushu will copy the project files to the build directory under `venv-support`, while preserving the original structure of the dependency modules to ensure that any path-based dependencies can be leveraged as-is. This directory can then be copied onto a Docker container and used to create a virtual environment capable of running the target Habushu project.
```

Author: incorporated, thank you

> If the execution is specified (does not run by default), the `containerize-dependencies` goal will collect the monorepo python dependency specified in the dependencies block of the project's `pom.xml`, including all transitive dependencies. After collecting the set of necessary dependencies, Habushu will copy the source files to the build directory, while preserving the original structure of the dependency modules to ensure that any path-based dependencies can be leveraged as-is.

Reviewer 3: S (Substantive):`including all transitive dependencies` --> `including all Habushu-packaged transitive dependencies`

Author: fixed

```xml
	<plugin>
		<groupId>org.technologybrewery.habushu</groupId>
		<artifactId>habushu-maven-plugin</artifactId>

> 		<extensions>true</extensions>

Reviewer 2: S: I don't think this is necessary for the specific goal at hand. This would be needed for a `habushu` packaged project, but not one simply leveraging this feature.

Author: that's correct, removed

		<configuration>
		...
		</configuration>
		<executions>
			<execution>
				<id>containerize-deps</id>
				<phase>validate</phase>
				<goals>
					<goal>containerize-dependencies</goal>
				</goals>
			</execution>
		</executions>
	</plugin>
```

The plugin will only examine dependencies that are of the type `habushu` in the dependencies block of the `pom.xml` file. 

```xml
    <dependencies>
        <dependency>
          <groupId>your-group-id</groupId>
          <artifactId>your-artifact-id</artifactId>
          <version>your-version</version>
          <type>habushu</type>
        </dependency>
    </dependencies>
```

> Any transitive monorepo dependency `pom.xml` files shoud also use this convention to ensure they are captured by the plugin.

Reviewer: Any transitive monorepo dependency `pom.xml` files -> Any transitive monorepo dependencies

Note: this parameter should be consistent with the `targetDirectory` configuration. For example, if the `targetDirectory` was overriden to `${project.basedir}/custom-target`, then `targetDirectoryRelativeToBasedir` should be set to `/custom-target`. Setting this parameter should only be necessary if a non-default `targetDirectory` configuration was set.

Default: `/target`

#### anchorSourceDirectory ####

Controls the directory of where containerization files will be copied from with the `containerize-dependencies` goal. If set, this value should be a directory path that houses all the necessary monorepo dependency Habushu modules (including transitive monorepo dependency modules). Additionally, if set, this path should either be an absolute path or a path relative to the `${project.basedir}` of the `containerize-dependencies` goal's execution. Typically, it is not recommended to set this parameter, as the default directory will be sufficient for monorepo use-cases.

Default: the build's execution root directory

#### containerizeSupportDirectory ####

> Controls the location of where containerization files will be placed to with the `containerize-dependencies` goal.

Reviewer: will be placed to with the `containerize-dependencies` goal. -> will be copied to as part of the `containerize-dependencies` goal.
